what's of end of the first day of worlds
groups with covers presented by you Gigi
I'm joined right now by Cabo chard is
that how you pronounce it
okay I feel I just always want to
double-check with the European players
because sometimes sometimes I don't know
you're feeling pretty pretty goddamn
good right now right and sinew well yeah
so what what happened take me through
how did you guys win
we had a plan going into the game we
wanted to play on site even though that
the time Keener's because we knew they
really you couldn't catch the a coelom
mainly and then an option could just
follow up I think early game wasn't that
clean but at the moment we just started
team fighting and we knew that we were
taking fights and fights and there was a
sloppy moment after Nash's typical
viselli t we get caught and then we went
for the backdoor play as well so that's
it what was crazy to me was I I was
watching in the press room and I was
like wow gingy's just playing with their
food right now in the beginning of the
game it so many kills and then suddenly
I walk out from an interview because I
came in here and you guys were I was
like what has happened how did you how
did you guys maintain your focus after
the beginning of that game because it
was kind of rough for sure I think maybe
it's due to not us playing fun stage for
like three weeks or something or just
letting to the wall stage but for sure
the early wasn't really clean even in
communication but maybe after 10 minutes
we just come everything down and like
okay that's the plan we go through here
into it and they just stick to it and
the Zoe what do you think it means that
we've seen two Korean teams fall today
the gap is closing I guess I mean I
think both teams won in the pretty
similar fashion we both went through
speed pushing and then pressuring them
they really didn't pressure the Nash
properly so we just take advantage of it
and went through is funny you see the
gap is closing because when I
interviewed yang Coase at the interview
he said if feels like Western teams are
a little closer to the Eastern teams and
I said so it sounds like you're saying
the gap is closing he said no I'm not
saying that because anytime somebody
says that everything goes to but
you just said it so have you ruined it
maybe I haven't seen like this I think
it's important like that we realize it's
only day one and we have five Mochis to
go and om is ready to get out of this
group even though it's a really tough
group so
keep things cool and go from here well
here I want to cut cut through here be
honest with you so I've seen all the
Western analysts on my shows all the
stuff people are like oh yeah you've got
like these EU teams these ni teams 100
these isn't that great I and everybody
just doesn't even mention vitality like
at least at least in na right like they
just they're like oh man it sucks that
cloud nines in that group that sucks
yeah like they have to worry about those
two other teams like that so there's
that who's wide what but it's so funny
that then like you guys come out and you
just like smack every day I put it down
on that first day do you think it's fair
that people have buttons kind of
sleeping on you or what do you think
about all that I think yeah we used to
like constituency but since Kiki's
joined I think we went 11 1 and we
actually like some some idea that we
don't play micro or something I think
it's kinda wrong and we took them to fix
it I think the first weeks in curry were
actually getting stomped every game like
going 0 6 against good teams but slowly
we we we picked up the slack and then
eventually late lead or like plus two
weeks of scrimmage I've been doing much
much better so I'm nervous to ask this
question to you because I the European
players are never nice to me when I ask
this question but like is there any hope
for na at this pheromone because the
first two days I mean people say to you
looked ok in the kitchen man actually
maybe it's Katy playing slower than this
would've but still have played pretty
good and c9 Legazpi dude I guess that's
the things you can go from are you
worried at all about c9 I know we can
beat them today I think I Renji had a
really good plan and they actually took
the game very very clean even with this
mistake top lane so I think we can go
win what do you think is causing some of
the upsets or the closer games is it is
it actually that the gap is closing or
is it just like his first week of worlds
groups are is this kind of like this
right it's a little flippy yeah to be
honest I expected Korea to play better
on their three matches I think gingy
even with the early game should have
just taken the game I'm pretty sure but
then they they just gave us way too much
and took the wrong fight so and Africa
was pretty much the same they were just
not playing you watching them they were
staying very like back and I think
normally genji they used to that
so when we do play much better so we
will separate that alright so setting
aside the West if Korea is not looking
good is it really gonna be China you
think this year is there a chance that
China's gonna rise up our energies
actually the final boss ever is claiming
they are arranged it looks pretty damn
good and from scrims IG looks really
insane as well so maybe yeah what what
is it like for you to be here in Korea
competing what's it like for vitality to
be getting ready for this what's it been
like behind the scenes I think it's
great to experience you get from just
playing a few weeks here screaming the
greatest team is like 10 times modern if
you are just playing in Europe you know
like some games are really sloppy when
you play against the law teams in LCS
and here when you play against this team
you feel like every single mistake is
going to get really punished super hard
you can't every creep you go is it's a
battle you know you're not playing with
one hand like maybe you are in Europe so
you just get much much better quicker
and it's really great who are your your
players to look out for are there any
that like you respect what you wanna you
want to face you you're excited to watch
I would say smitten Duke logic I was
smitten to say okay is there anything
that you would say to any of the
European fans you were probably just
like losing their mind after today you
guys in g2 as I told you I think is they
won but we knew we could pull it we did
it and no we just have to keep going
from from here keep on going
thank you so much camera for the
interview really hype to watch that
happen I mean I may be the what is it
that you said the West is getting closer
to the East maybe we will go with that
but thank you so much for the interview
for ever else you can check out the
restaurant coverage of all things rolls
right here on my youtube channel you
know what's interesting about vending
machines it just makes me think a lot
about the choices that we make in our
life you know you're you're presented
with an option where you put some sort
of resource in and then you're able to
acquire something and there's just rows
and rows it's just it's so similar life
the different selections that you can
make and also kind of reminds me of
champion select
and you're never sure if you're gonna be
able to make the right selection here
but you could be sure you never make the
wrong selection and champion select if
you use you Gigi our sponsor that's
right
you just click that link below the video
you go over there you type in a champion
name you'll learn all about them you'll
never lose champ select again and then
you'll just be venturing out wins like
you could just put some money in a
machine and then you get the win so Gigi
it's free they're our sponsor support
them